# Design Milestone
### Problem Statement
In the age of COVID-19, online learning has become the norm for students across the world. It was unexpected and schools were not readily prepared to teach young students online. Thus, students are struggling stay focused and connected to the learning material, as well as participating and interacting in class with their peers. Elementary school classrooms run heavily on student participation and interaction. This is something that is extremely difficult to acheive in a virtual school setting. And even after one year, this is a problem that continues to persists as many schools are still conducting classes remotely.
### Bot Description
Our bot, BotBuddy, is a reward bot that encourages young students to participate and engage in online learning. We will be implementing the bot through Slack. A teacher uses the bot to create questions with a particular command. The question can is a multiple choice question with one correct answer. BotBuddy will store and remember these questions in a database. During the lecture, the teacher can use a command to post the question, and BotBuddy will display the question on students' screens with interactive components that allows students to answer the question. If the student answers the question correctly, BotBuddy will celebrate with a fun gif. If the student gets the question wrong, BotBuddy will provide hints until the student answers the question correctly.
We believe the BotBuddy will be a fun and interactive way to get young students to stay engaged in online learning. Students feel very isolated and alone when sitting in front of a computer trying to pay attention. BotBuddy is a friendly sidekick that helps students feel less isolated. BotBuddy stays by the student's side like a friend would in class. Overall, it makes online learning more fun and exciting. Students will look forward to interacting with BotBuddy! 
### 2 Use Cases
### Design Sketches
### Architecture Design
